Add documentation for network storage (#27512)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/common-tasks/network_storage.md

## Network storage

> You can configure both Network File Share (NFS) and Windows samba (CIFS) targets to be used within Home Assistant and add-ons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure both network file share (NFS) and Windows samba (CIFS) targets to be used within Home Assistant and add-ons.
```
use [lower case for spelled-out acronyms](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/acronyms#lowercase-the-spelled-out-term)

Author: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_File_System> Are you sure about this?

Reviewer: haha. You got me there. The MS Style Guide instructs to generally lowercase the spelled-out version of acronyms. Unless it is a proper noun. In this case, it seems to be a [proper noun](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/storage/nfs/nfs-overview). I should have checked for the specific case rather than applying the general rule.

> To list all your currently connected network storages go to **{% my storage title="Settings > System > Storage" %}** in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list all your currently connected network storages, go to **{% my storage title="Settings > System > Storage" %}** in the UI.
```

{% if page.installation == "os" %}

<div class='note'>
  You need to update to Home Assistant Operating System 10.2 before you can use this feature.
</div>

{% endif %}

<p class='img'>
  <picture>
    <source srcset="/images/screenshots/network-storage/list_dark.png" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
    <img src="/images/screenshots/network-storage/list_light.png">
  </picture>
  Screenshot of the list of network shares inside the storage panel.
</p>

> ### Add a new new network storage

Reviewer 2: Double `new`. Is that intended?

Reviewer: :pray: thank you for the catch!

Author: It's not not

Author: <https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/pull/27591>

1. Go to **{% my storage title="Settings > System > Storage" %}** in the UI.

> 1. Click the "Add network storage" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Add network storage**.
```

> 1. Fill out all the information for your network storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fill out all the information for your network storage.
```

> 1. Press "Connect".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Connect**.
```

<p class='img'>
  <picture>
    <source srcset="/images/screenshots/network-storage/connect_dark.png" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
    <img src="/images/screenshots/network-storage/connect_light.png">
  </picture>
  Screenshot of connecting a new network storage.
</p>

#### Network storage configuration

{% configuration_basic "hassio.network_share" %}
Name:
  description: This is the name that will be used for the mounted directory on your system.
Usage:

>   description: Here you select how the target should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Here, you select how the target should be used.
```
Why do I have to specify if it is used for backup or media? What's the difference? Can I change my mind later?

Server:
  description: The IP/hostname of the server running NFS/CIFS.
Protocol:

>   description: What service is the server using for the network storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: The service the server is using for the network storage.
```

"[NFS]<sup>1</sup> Remote share path":

>   description: The path on the storage server to connect to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: The path used to connect to the remote storage server.
```

"[CIFS]<sup>2</sup> Username":
  description: The username to use when connecting to the storage server.
"[CIFS]<sup>2</sup> Password":
  description: The password to use when connecting to the storage server.
"[CIFS]<sup>2</sup> Share":
  description: The share to connect to on the storage server.
{% endconfiguration_basic %}

<sup>1</sup> _Options prefixed with `[NFS]` is only available for NFS targets._<br>
<sup>2</sup> _Options prefixed with `[CIFS]` is only available for CIFS targets._

### Change default backup location

> By default the first network storage you add with the usage type of "Backup" will be set as your default backup target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the first network storage of type **Backup** that you add will be set as your default backup target.
```

> If you want to change the default backup target you can do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to change the default backup target, you can do the following:
```

1. Go to **{% my backup title="Settings > System > Backups" %}** in the UI.

> 1. Click the menu in the top right of the screen and select the "Change default backup location" option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the menu in the top right of the screen and select the **Change default backup location** option.
```

> 1. In the dialog there is a single option to set the default backup target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the dialog, there is a single option to set the default backup target.
```

1. Choose the one you want from the list.

> 1. Click save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Save**.
```

> This list will contain all the network storage target you have added with the usage type of "Backup", and another option to set it back to use `/backup` again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This list will contain all the network storage targets you have added of usage type **Backup**. It also contains another option to set it back to use `/backup` again.
```
